Add support for windows 2022 (#27)
CircleCI-Public/circleci-server-windows-image-builder: README.md

* If you get any errors around not being able to find a default VPC, you will need to specify `vpc_id`, `subnet_id` (both for AWS) or `subnetwork` (for GCP) in `windows/visual-studio/packer.yaml`.

### Ansible and Windows 2022

> For windows 2019 everything is configured using packer only. For windows 2022 ansible is used for most of it. The base ansible repo is [this](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/ansible) and the branch you should is *test/install-vs-asadmin*. You want to fork this repo and that branch to work on your own image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Windows 2019 everything is configured using packer only. For Windows 2022 ansible is used for most of it. The base ansible repo is publicly available at [https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/ansible](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/ansible) and the branch you should use is [*test/install-vs-asadmin*](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/ansible/tree/test/install-vs-asadmin). If you need to modify the ansible playbook, you can fork this repo and modify that branch in your fork. Remember to update the repo URL within the `build_image_ansible` job.
```

Just some edits for clarity and linked to the branch for convenience.
